---
title: Release Notes for 2021.11.0
description: Learn about the release of Cloud Manager 2021.11.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 835c3989-3232-4d86-bff3-b426e3250a8c
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/Y5JEW4UDFm269M-gESideoAHDrJzewH4e4W2Dl1zRic
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
feature_v2:
  - id: cd2426f1-5719-4006-b8c2-738e5969754b
    internal-label: Environments
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
  - id: cdd65e7e-8839-44a2-bc21-0e03623b5dd1
    internal-label: Optimization
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2021.11.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.11.0.

>[!NOTE]
>See the [Current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current#getting-access) to see the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.11.0 is November 4, 2021.
The next release is planned for December 16, 2021.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* The Git Commit ID is now displayed in the pipeline execution details making it easier to track the code that was built. 

* The `x-request-id` response header is now visible in the API Playground on [developer.adobe.com/](https://developer.adobe.com/). This header is useful when submitting customer care issues for troubleshooting.

* The Pipeline card, with zero pipelines, now provides you with appropriate guidance. 

* A new Activity Page is now available where activities such as pipeline and code executions can be viewed along with their associated details. Over time, the activities listed in this page expand in scope along with the details provided.

* The new Pipelines page now includes an on-hover status popover, providing a Quickview of the summary details. Pipeline executions can be viewed along with their associated details.

* The Edit Pipeline API now supports setting the Dispatcher invalidation and flush paths. 

* The Edit Pipeline API now supports changing the environment used in the deploy phases. 

* An optimization in the OakPal scanning process has been introduced for large packages.

* The quality issue CSV file now contains the timestamp for each quality issue.

* The Manage button in the Environments page is no longer visible in the UI.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Certain unorthodox build configurations resulted in unnecessary files being stored in the pipeline's Maven artifact cache, which resulted in extraneous network I/O when starting and stopping the build container.

* Pipeline PATCH API fails if the deploy phase does not exist.

* The `ClientlibProxyResourceCheck` quality rule was producing false positive issues when there were client libraries with common base paths.

* The error message, when the maximum number of repositories was reached, did not specify the reason for the error.

* In rare cases, pipelines were failing due to inappropriate retry handling of certain response codes.
