---
title: Release Notes for 2021.12.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manage 2021.12.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 835d3cd5-75ef-45f2-8c57-ea9bfabd4f9f
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager 2021.12.0 {#release-notes}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.12.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, see [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current)

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.12.0 is December 16, 2021. The next release is planned for January 2022.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* The commit hash, which is already visible in the UI, is now also provided in the API.
* The Activity page now includes a popover for running pipelines that provides a summary of pipeline details at-a-glance.
* Updates to include additional details presented in the Activities page were added.
* The Learn tab in Cloud Manager now includes quick access to API guides and associated resources.
* A Deployment Manager can now initiate the Project/Branch creation wizard from the action menu on the repositories page when a repository has no branches.
* The Deployment Manager, who is in the add or edit pipeline workflow, is now informed on how to create a branch or project if the selected repository has no branches.
* In the Edit Production Pipeline window, when there is more than one stage environment for production, a dropdown for environment selection is available.
* The version of the AEM Project Archetype used by Cloud Manager has been updated to version 32.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Full stack production pipelines remain named "Production Pipeline" even when the user inputs a different name in the name field.
