---
title: Release Notes for 2021.2.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2021.2.0
exl-id: 4f3c3a63-141b-414f-a24e-1870e985873a
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/TTF6RAdcSWRVr801-NYzmSezrXDcRAadinsiOMoWpPs
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
feature_v2:
  - id: a01bfd36-4ab8-4bf8-9dc0-5b45b890552e
    internal-label: APIs
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2021.2.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.2.0.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.2.0 is February 11, 2021.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* The AEM Project Archetype used in project creation has been updated to version 25. 

* The list of deprecated APIs identified during code scanning has been refined to include additional classes and methods deprecated in the latest Cloud Service SDK releases.

* Production deployments now deploy to the paired Publish and Dispatcher instances in parallel. 

* SonarQube profile for Cloud Manager updated to remove Sonar rule `squid:S2142`. This profile no longer conflicts with thread interruption checks.

* Properties set in customer `pom.xml` files prefixed with sonar are now dynamically removed to avoid build and quality scanning failures.

* Additional Code Quality Rules have been added to cover Cloud Service Compatibility issues.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* On occasion, the CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment) deployment pipeline failed during a performance test step due to a container running the load test that encountered an error.

* On occasion, the load test container may report the run as failed even if only one exception happens. The failure is reported only if the testing process cannot be restored.

* Certain casing mismatches between the way environment names were stored would lead to performance testing failures.

* Some pipeline failures were incorrectly reported as pipeline errors.
