---
title: Release Notes for 2021.5.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2021.5.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: ecf3e0f1-b0c0-46d7-a897-ec08bc155627
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2021.5.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.5.0.

>[!NOTE]
>See the [Current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current#getting-access) to see the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.5.0 is May 6, 2021.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* The PackageOverlaps quality rule now detects cases where the same package was deployed multiple times, that is, in multiple embedded locations, in the same deployed package set.

* The repository endpoint in the Public API now includes the Git URL.

* In the Edit Program workflow, the user is only allowed to set non-decimal KPI (Key Performance Indicators) values.

* Intermittent failures encountered while pushing code to Adobe Git have now been resolved. 

* The Edit program experience has been refreshed.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Instead of removing 'deleted' variables, the pipelines variables API would only mark them with the status `DELETED`.

* Some Code Smell-type quality issues were incorrectly impacting the Reliability Rating.

* When a pipeline execution started between midnight and 1:00 AM UTC, Cloud Manager did not always generate an artifact version greater than the one from the previous day. This outcome caused versioning issues with the artifacts created during that time.

* Certain Adobe Managed Services (AMS) customers were unable to create new projects in Adobe Developer Console using the Cloud Manager API.
