---
title: Release Notes for 2021.3.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2021.3.0
feature: Release Information
exl-id: e05b22fe-f071-4b69-9db1-e3d7ee4cfbcc
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/rlB2-OgeYXsBP5mmXJLAmbIcYtkVIccpGLGLlmZCemo
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
topic_v2:
  - id: cdd65e7e-8839-44a2-bc21-0e03623b5dd1
    internal-label: Optimization
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2021.3.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.3.0.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2021.3.0 is March 11, 2021.
The next release is planned for April 8, 2021.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* A new Code Quality tool [Dispatcher Optimization Tool](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-manager/content/using/custom-code-quality-rules#dispatcher-optimization-tool-rules) is now available to validate customer Dispatcher configuration.

* Users can now see their Cloud Manager roles by selecting the **View Cloud Manager Roles** option after navigating to the User Profile icon (top right) of Experience Cloud. 

* The label **Application for Approval** has been relabeled to **Production Approval** for greater clarity.

* The **Version** label has been relabeled to **Git Tag** in the Production pipeline execution screen.

* The labels that define the behavior when important metrics do not meet the defined threshold have been relabeled to reflect their true behavior – **Cancel Immediately** and **Approve Immediately**. See [Configuring Production Pipelines](/help/using/production-pipelines.md) for more details.

* The class and method deprecation lists have been updated based on version `2021.3.4997.20210303T022849Z-210225` of the AEM Cloud Service SDK.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Some quality issues were not properly discovered when packages were embedded in other packages. 

* On occasion, if a user navigates away from the pipeline execution page immediately after starting a pipeline, an error message is displayed stating that the action failed, although the execution actually starts.
