---
title: Release Notes for 2021.5.0
description: Follow this page to get information for Cloud Manager Release 2021.5.0
feature: Release Information
exl-id: ecf3e0f1-b0c0-46d7-a897-ec08bc155627
---
# Release Notes for 2021.5.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general Release Notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] Release 2021.5.0.

>[!NOTE]
>Refer to [Current Release Notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/onboarding/getting-access/release-notes-cloud-manager/release-notes-cm-current.html?lang=en#getting-access) to see the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service.

## Release Date {#release-date}

The Release Date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] Version 2021.5.0 is May 06, 2021.

## What's New {#whats-new}

* The PackageOverlaps quality rule now detects cases where the same package was deployed multiple times, i.e. in multiple embedded locations, in the same deployed package set.

* The repository endpoint in the Public API now includes the Git URL.

* In the Edit Program workflow, the user will only be allowed to set non- decimal KPI values.

* Intermittent failures encountered while pushing code to Adobe Git have now been resolved. 

* The Edit program experience has been refreshed.

## Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Instead of removing 'deleted' variables, the pipelines variables API would only mark them with status 'DELETED'.

* Some Code Smell-type quality issues were incorrectly impacting the Reliability Rating.

* When a pipeline execution was started between midnight and 1am UTC the artifact version generated by Cloud Manager was not guaranteed to be greater than a version created the prior day.

* Certain Adobe Managed Services (AMS) customers were unable to create new projects in Adobe I/O Developer Console using the Cloud Manager API.
