---
title: Release Notes for 2018.8.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2018.8.0.
contentOwner: jsyal
products: SG_EXPERIENCEMANAGER/CLOUDMANAGER
topic-tags: release-notes
discoiquuid: 9222ac3b-525e-47c1-b481-ac9d22e3d559
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 20f87048-30f7-4869-aad0-13ca383a404b
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2018.8.0 {#release-notes-for}

The [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.8.0 release adds support for triggering the CI/CD pipeline automatically upon Git commits and a new wizard for creating application projects in Git based on the AEM Project Archetype.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.8.0 is October 4, 2018.

## What's new {#what-s-new}

* **Program Setup** - New wizard to create an application project in Git using the AEM Project Archetype 

* **CI/CD pipeline** - The following changes are added to the CI/CD pipeline. See [Configure Production Pipelines](/help/using/production-pipelines.md) to learn more.

  * On Git Changes trigger, which starts the CI/CD pipeline whenever there are commits added to the configured Git branch.  
  * Cards on the home screen now deep link into specific sections of the pipeline execution page.
  * The activity page now lists the specific branch used for each execution.
  * The activity page now indicates the duration in hours and minutes.
  * Pipeline execution page now displays the version/tag name created for the execution.
  * Apache Maven version updated to 3.5.3.

* **Navigation** - The following changes are added to the [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager].

  * The resources link in global navigation now navigates to the Runbook in Sharepoint.
  * The Help menu is now reorganized to include more specific content about [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager].

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Some details in the Performance Testing dialog were not visible in Firefox.
* Timeouts between internal systems would occasionally cause deployment failures to be reported.
* The icon color on the Activity page was not correct for some successful pipeline executions.
* In some cases, the Performance Testing dialog listed the same metric multiple times.
* If a new instance was added after the CI/CD pipeline started, the deployment is not executed on the newly created instance.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* Branches created using the Application Project Wizard cannot contain dashes.
* The [!UICONTROL Experience Cloud] notification sidebar may not load notifications consistently. Notifications, however, are visible in the [!UICONTROL Experience Cloud] and, if configured, are sent through email.
