---
title: Release Notes for 2018.7.0
description: Learn about the release of Cloud Manager 2018.7.0.
contentOwner: jsyal
topic-tags: release-notes
products: SG_EXPERIENCEMANAGER/CLOUDMANAGER
feature: Release Information
exl-id: fc0214b4-d138-470a-9b04-191224927f7b
---
# Release notes for 2018.7.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.7.0 release that delivers the *autoscaling* feature.

**Autoscaling** is enabled via horizontal scale-out of `Dispatcher/Publish` segments on the production environment to support a sudden increase in load, volume, access, and other defined monitored metrics.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.7.0 is September 10, 2018.

## What's new {#what-s-new}

* **Provisioning** - [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] now has the ability to autoscale the production environment on the customer program by horizontally scaling out with Dispatcher/Publish segments. New in the UI is the Provisioning section in Program Setup that displays if autoscaling is enabled on the customer program. See [Setup your Program](/help/getting-started/program-setup.md) to learn more.

* **Environments** - It is now possible to see a detailed view of Production and Stage environments along with the size, storage, region, and status of the nodes associated with each environment. See [Manage your Environments](/help/using/managing-environments.md) to learn more.  

* **Code quality analysis** - New rule to identify incorrect API usage. See [Custom Code Quality Rules](/help/using/custom-code-quality-rules.md) to learn more.  

* **Performance testing** - When viewing performance test results, you see graphs for various metrics. These include CPU utilization, Disk I/O Wait Time, Page Error Rate, and Disk Bandwidth Utilization. It also includes Network Bandwidth Utilization, Peak Page Response Time, and 95th Percentile Page Response Time. See the *Performance Testing* section on the [Understand your Test Results](/help/using/code-quality-testing.md) page.

* **Performance testing** - While viewing performance test results, the list of page errors and slow requests can be downloaded. See the *Performance Testing* section on the [Understand your Test Results](/help/using/code-quality-testing.md) page.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Under certain circumstances, internal system synchronization failed inappropriately, leading to inconsistent views of data.
* In some cases, the manual pipeline trigger was not automatically selected, leading to form validation problems.
* Specific customer build scripts could cause failures during the build step based on plug-in incompatibilities.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* Although customers are able to select the commit trigger, the pipeline may not actually start based on new commits.
* The [!UICONTROL Experience Cloud] notification sidebar may not load notifications consistently. Notifications, however, are visible in the [!UICONTROL Experience Cloud] and, if configured, is still sent through email.
