---
title: Release Notes for 2018.9.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2018.9.0.
contentOwner: jsyal
products: SG_EXPERIENCEMANAGER/CLOUDMANAGER
topic-tags: release-notes
feature: Release Information
exl-id: bf611743-ded2-4503-97c8-12b12454c7b7
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2018.9.0 {#release-notes-for}

The [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.9.0 release adds support for an Adobe I/O-based API, including Events, for integrating [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager]'s CI/CD pipeline with other systems. It also begins the rewrite of the UI layer in React.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.9.0 is November 1, 2018.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* **CI/CD Pipeline** - New API and Event system for integrating [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager]'s CI/CD pipeline with other systems. See the [Cloud Manager API documentation](https://developer.adobe.com/experience-cloud/cloud-manager/) for more information.  

* **UI** - Introduction of new UI layer that is more responsive.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* In [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2018.8.0, the Activity page durations were listed in minutes and hours, but that information was not reflected in the table header.
* On rare occasions, customers were unable to start the new Application Project wizard.
* The button label in the new Application Project wizard dialog box was misleading.
* In some circumstances, clicking the Details button from the Activity page would redirect to the Overview page.
* Some rare and unexpected circumstances resulted in a missing card on the Overview page.
* The Assets icon was displayed on the Program List page for all customers.
* When there were back end failures, sometimes a pipeline execution would appear to remain in the *Validate* step.
* In certain circumstances, the length of the program description was miscalculated.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* Branches created using the Application Project wizard cannot contain dashes.
* The Adobe [!UICONTROL Experience Cloud] Notification sidebar may not load notifications consistently. Notifications, however, are visible in the Adobe [!UICONTROL Experience Cloud] and, if configured, are still sent through email.
