---
title: Release Notes for 2020.7.0
description: Follow this page to get information for Cloud Manager 2020.7.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: c0272d9d-0a6d-4abd-add1-f82280b7ecec
---
# Release Notes for 2020.7.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2020.7.0.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2020.7.0 is July 9, 2020.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* Detaching and attaching dispatcher instances from the load balancers during production deployments now works in a more consistent fashion.

* The Cloud Manager build container now supports both Java 8 and Java 11.

* Cloud Manager pipelines now support customer-set variables and secrets. See [Pipeline Variables](/help/getting-started/build-environment.md#pipeline-variables) for more details.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* The **Cancel** and **Save** options on the Non-Production Pipeline Edit page were not always visible.

* Certain failures in the code quality process could result in the log file not being generated correctly.

* Some large pipeline step logs could not be consistently downloaded through the user interface. 

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* When an AMS environment contains a standby instance, the logged message states that the instance is down as opposed to in standby mode.

* Due to a change in how code coverage is calculated, the _minimum_ version of the Jacoco plugin is now 0.7.5.201505241946 (released May 2015). Customers explicitly referencing an older version will receive an error message in the code quality process.
