---
title: Release Notes for 2020.4.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2020.4.0
feature: Release Information
exl-id: bb21b7ea-6bae-4755-becb-37cef0d49412
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/MFckPnA0M1q4Ryh-NzEI68uBL5rH5ChGle5WpgFrrv0
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
topic_v2:
  - id: a004cc84-67b9-4a33-a3a7-8ec7273ef4dc
    internal-label: Metadata
  - id: d095671a-1355-40aa-8b5f-06c33c68080b
    internal-label: Security
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2020.4.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2020.4.0.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2020.4.0 is April 9, 2020.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* Changes to the navigation Cloud Manager overview page to allow the user to edit or switch program.
* Changes to let a user edit a program from the program card on the Cloud Manager landing page.
* New pipeline status **Pipeline Running** displayed against the environment it is associated with.
* Improvements to pipeline execution page comprehensibility. This improvement includes display of the Pipeline name (non-production pipeline only) and Type, and a badge to indicate if the pipeline status is `In Progress`, `Canceled`, or `Failed`.
* The process used to generate GIT passwords has been made more resilient to issues in the underlying service layer.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Monitoring data could sometimes be displayed in an incorrect fashion&mdash;or not at all&mdash;based on minor variances in technical values.
* The Maven configuration used in the build container was updated to avoid deadlocks when downloading artifact metadata.
* The Assets performance testing process was occasionally unable to decrypt the AEM password, causing testing to fail.
* Certain topologies with standby instances could have false negatives in security testing.
* If the stage environment contained a stopped instance, the security testing step would sometimes fail.
* Experience Cloud notifications were not consistently received.
