---
title: Release Notes for 2020.8.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2020.8.0
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 94163e28-5c29-4a00-9a2b-e45bf6f71098
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/UHp-3aXq-3FZBjeKBBk2tRSmFpynVeW7X-2PtjbcTV0
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
---
# Release notes for 2020.8.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2020.8.0.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2020.8.0 is August 6, 2020.

## What's new {#whats-new}

Authentication-bound Private Maven Repositories are now supported.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Some unnecessary and undesired SonarQube plug-ins were being executed as part of the Code Quality scanning. 

* On the pipeline execution page, the branch name was incorrectly formatted. 

* When deploying to topologies with a single publish, a single Dispatcher and a cold standby author, the Dispatcher was erroneously removed from the load balancer. 

* In some cases, completed pipeline executions were not successfully recorded as having been completed. This issue prevented new executions of the pipeline.

* Pipeline executions would occasionally get *stuck* due to internal communication issues.

* The tooltip on the program cards were not consistently correct.

* There was a color mismatch on the **Overview** page.

* Sites Performance Testing now supports the optional use of authentication.

* Dispatcher caches for author instances are automatically flushed when Dispatcher configurations are deployed through Cloud Manager.
