---
title: Release Notes for 2019.9.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2019.9.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 0aaf969a-f4f9-441b-8b17-7ac2f9b9ad50
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/vNUXXvO4Po1gD0YHgwHpP-WbGg-LcymY-ud5nzwG410
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
topic_v2:
  - id: d095671a-1355-40aa-8b5f-06c33c68080b
    internal-label: Security
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2019.9.0 {#release-notes-for}

The [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.9.0 release updates the security test criteria, adds downloadable monitoring graphs, and fixes some customer-reported usability issues.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] Version 2019.9.0 is September 12, 2019.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* The categorization of the `Sling Referrer Filter` health check has been changed from Critical to Important.
* The categorization of the HTML Library Manager Config health check has been changed from Critical to Important.
* Monitoring graphs can now be downloaded. See [Monitor your Environments](/help/using/monitoring-environments.md) for more details.
* If a program does not have a production AEM environment, clicking on the program card from the landing page navigates to the Cloud Manager overview page instead of displaying an error dialog box.
* The **Pipeline Settings** Card on the **Overview** page has been retitled to **Production Pipeline Settings**.
* The Important Failure Behavior radio buttons have been removed from code-quality only pipelines.
* The **Activity** page now displays the name of the pipeline for each execution.
* The execution page now displays the name of the pipeline.
* The Code Quality summary dialog box now shows a description for each rating.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Some users could not view an execution details when it was waiting for approval.
* On the **Overview** page, the right margin was not consistent.
* The build container could run out of memory in large projects.
* Under certain circumstances, the BannedPaths OakPAL rule did not identify installed content under /libs.
* When a quality gate was rejected, the dialog box heading still showed *Partially Passed*.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* Downloading of monitoring graphs is not available in Safari.
