---
title: Release Notes for 2019.2.0
description: Learn about the release of Cloud Manager 2019.2.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: e7198efa-4a73-42e5-bb17-8dea255e056e
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/xp-CeJwO9jMOWhetYtja7pTB2MkloONwCzo0fNzWet4
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
feature_v2:
  - id: ae478996-b206-4712-9b0c-dc78a2644453
    internal-label: Integrations
  - id: cd2426f1-5719-4006-b8c2-738e5969754b
    internal-label: Environments
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
topic_v2:
  - id: d095671a-1355-40aa-8b5f-06c33c68080b
    internal-label: Security
---
# Release notes for 2019.2.0 {#release-notes-for}

The [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.2.0 release adds a new System Monitoring capability. It lets customers view the state of their Adobe Managed Services environments at a system level.


## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.2.0 is February 21, 2019.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* New System Monitoring feature. See [Monitor your Environments](/help/using/monitoring-environments.md) to learn more.
* The Dispatcher module in Wizard-generated projects now contains a README file.
* The ordering of Code Scanning issues has been improved to match the issue priority.
* Stage instances are now always restored to the load balancer even if there is a deployment failure.
* A new API Developer role is available in the Admin Console that allows specific users to be granted the permission to create integrations in the Adobe Developer console. See [Manage Developers](https://helpx.adobe.com/enterprise/using/manage-developers.html) to learn more.
* The version of the Maven Archetype was updated to version 16.
* The version of Maven was updated to version 3.6.0.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* In some circumstances, pipelines would not execute when the target environment was hosted in Azure.
* Ordering of environments was inconsistent.
* Performance testing could fail when discovered page paths contained a comma character.
* When a pipeline execution was started from the Web UI, the browser back button did not function correctly.
* The Learn More links on the Overview page did not open a new tab.
* When uploading a program thumbnail, it may not have been immediately visible.
* In some cases, Code Scanning failed because of project-specific configuration.
* The Learn More link on the Non-Production Pipelines card went to the wrong location.
* When a quality gate was overridden, the status was displayed inconsistently.
* Customers using cold standby topologies received incorrect results for security tests.
* When creating a new project using the wizard, it was not possible to create a branch containing the dash character.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* When monitoring data is refreshed, any hidden series are unhidden.
* Customers wanting to view their existing SLA reports must manually navigate until the next release. 

  To formulate this URL, follow the pattern (`https://<Experience Cloud URL>/content/mac/<Experience Cloud Tenant>/managedservices/sla.html`), for example, if URL for your Experience Cloud is (`https://weretailprod.experiencecloud.adobe.com`), then your SLA reports URL is (`https://weretailprod.experiencecloud.adobe.com/content/mac/weretailprod/managedservices/sla/html`).

  Resolution of this issue is expected in the next release with the availability of SLA reports inside [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager].
