---
title: Release Notes for 2019.10.0
description: Follow this page to get information for Cloud Manager 2019.10.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: b58f7a1b-2063-4ac8-b676-bb74200d7ac9
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2019.10.0 {#release-notes-for}

The following section outlines the general release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.10.0 and adds updates to deployment steps and maven project version handling.
Follow the sections below for more details.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.10.0 is October 10, 2019.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* Significant portions of the deployment steps have been made more performant.
* When appropriate, the version of the build Maven project will now incorporate the project version in GIT.
* At build time, new environment variables are available.
* Non-Production Pipelines can be deleted from the card on the **Overview** page and the API.
* There is a new optional approval step immediately after the stage deploy step, but before the security test step.
* When configuring a CI/CD pipeline, the detaching and attaching of dispatcher instances from the load balancer can be skipped for dev and stage environments. 
  See **[Deployment Process](/help/using/code-deployment.md)** for more details.
* The Cloud Manager CLI has been augmented to support accessing execution step logs.
* The Cloud Manager API now supports editing a pipeline's configured branch.
* Requests executed during performance testing now include a specific token ***CloudManagerTest*** in the user agent.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Some of the cards on the **Overview** page were not vertically aligned properly.
* Certain failure conditions did not cause pipeline executions to be marked properly and prevented subsequent executions.
