---
title: Release Notes for 2019.1.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2019.1.0.
contentOwner: jsyal
products: SG_EXPERIENCEMANAGER/CLOUDMANAGER
topic-tags: release-notes
discoiquuid: 85a1dcf3-2eef-4ba8-b4d1-09e4a88c7bd0
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 383ca5a0-4b0b-48e9-aa48-1d1388875329
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2019.1.0 {#release-notes-for}

The [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.1.0 release adds support for testing AEM Assets programs and additional pipeline types, which run the build and code quality steps, optionally deploying to a non-production environment.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] Version 2019.1.0 is January 17, 2019.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* Added support for performance testing of AEM Assets. See [Configure Production Pipelines](/help/using/production-pipelines.md) to learn more.
* Added support for pipelines running only build and code quality steps and pipelines deploying to non-production environments. See [Configure Non-Production Pipelines](/help/using/non-production-pipelines.md) to learn more.
* Added support for custom environment variables in the build environment.
* For customers with multiple stage or production environments, you can now select which environment is deployed as part of the production pipeline is available. See [Configure Production Pipelines](/help/using/production-pipelines.md) to learn more.
* httxt2dbm has been added to the build container.
* All help menu items open a new tab.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* While editing a program, it was possible to de-select all page sets.
* The approval step was incorrectly titled.
* In some situations, the program logo was incorrectly matted.
* If only the Dispatcher configuration package was built, the deployment step would fail.
* Environments that contained cold standby instances were not handled correctly.
* Some terminated programs appeared on the program switcher.
* If a new branch was added to the Git repository while the pipeline was being edited, it may not have been selectable immediately.
* On some screens, the Developer Connection icon in the Help menu was not visible.
* The tab key was not handled properly in the Dispatcher flushing configuration dialog.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* When opening a program that has Sites, but not Assets, KPIs set, all users see a call to action card with a **Setup Program** button. However, only users in the Business Owner role can actually click the **Setup Program** button.
