---
title: Release Notes for 2019.4.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manager 2019.4.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 8ca6386c-5de9-48b8-9034-466d4913d5a9
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/qxy9mqbBgUDJ-vs6i3qkD-mL0KSbOVvdi25hDjlbmS0
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
feature_v2:
  - id: cd2426f1-5719-4006-b8c2-738e5969754b
    internal-label: Environments
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
---
# Release notes for Cloud Manager 2019.4.0 {#release-notes-for}

The [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.4.0 release does not contain significant functional changes. Follow the sections below for more details.

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2019.4.0 is April 18, 2019.

## What's new {#whats-new}

* Cloud Manager UI is now available in English, French, German, and Japanese.
* Deployment steps now contain the currently running process. That is, when a backup is running, packages are being installed, and load balancers are being reconfigured

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* The deployment approach used for Dispatcher changes has been improved to handle additional use cases.
* Some instance size types were not displayed properly on the Environments page.
* The code quality rules CQBP-84-dependencies produced false positives for embedded Adobe libraries, such as WCM Core Components and Asset Share Commons.
* The details button for the code scanning step was enabled when the details were unavailable.
* The error message when specifying an invalid value for the page views per minute KPI had the wrong lower boundary.
* The deployment category on a non-production pipeline was capitalized incorrectly.
* The call to action card on the **Overview** page had incorrect text when the Git repository was not configured properly.

## Known issues {#known-issues}

* SLA values may be incorrectly rounded.
