---
title: Release Notes for 2023.11.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manage 2023.11.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: b542a0a3-be91-4974-816d-45983751562e
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/3oeUgVW2ZG4TcNfpod6UauEV8zDiLJOnxhXbJ4PqLUQ
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
feature_v2:
  - id: cd2426f1-5719-4006-b8c2-738e5969754b
    internal-label: Environments
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager 2023.11.0 {#release-notes}

This page documents the release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2023.11.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, see [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current).

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2023.11.0 is November 14, 2023. The next release is planned for December 7, 2023.

## What's new {#what-is-new}

* [The pipeline execution details page](/help/using/managing-pipelines.md#view-details) now shows all the steps in a pipeline execution with the ones not yet started grayed out.
* On both **[Activity](/help/using/managing-pipelines.md#activity)** and **[Pipelines](/help/using/managing-pipelines.md#pipelines)** pages, a summary of the pipeline execution is now available when clicking on a pipeline with a running status.
* A new **Duration** section has been added to the [pipeline details page](/help/using/managing-pipelines.md#view-details) that includes the average duration for the pipeline step based on the historical trend for that program.
* On the [pipeline execution page](/help/using/managing-pipelines.md#activity-window), the finished steps now display duration
* The Cloud Manager [content copy tool](/help/using/content-copy.md) lets users copy mutable content from their AMS-hosted AEM 6.x production environments to lower environments for testing.
* Executions that [reuse build artifacts](/help/getting-started/project-setup.md#build-artifact-reuse) now shows the link to the execution that initially built those artifacts. 
* The option to select **Important Metric Failures** can now be configured for [code quality pipelines](/help/using/non-production-pipelines.md) as well.

## Private beta program {#private-beta-program}

Be a part of Cloud Manager's private beta program and have a chance to test some upcoming features.

### Bring your own GitHub {#byo-github}

If you use GitHub to manage your repositories, [you can now validate code directly within your GitHub repositories through Cloud Manager](/help/managing-code/private-repositories.md). This integration eliminates the need to sync code consistently with the Adobe repository and lets you verify pull requests before merging them into the main branches.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, send an email to `Grp-CloudManager_BYOG@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID.

### Custom Permissions {#custom-permissions}

[Cloud Manager custom permissions](/help/using/custom-permissions.md) let you create new custom permission profiles with configurable permissions to restrict access to programs, pipelines, and environments for Cloud Manager users.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, send and email `Grp-CloudManager_ams_custompermissions@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID.
