---
title: Release Notes for 2023.8.0
description: These are the release notes for Cloud Manager 2023.8.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 8556c785-aa54-426f-b493-c827ea1b2b38
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager 2023.8.0 {#release-notes}

This page documents the release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2023.8.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, see [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/implementing/using-cloud-manager/release-notes-cloud-manager/release-notes-cm-current.html).

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2023.8.0 is August 10, 2023. The next release is planned for September 7, 2023.

## What's new {#what-is-new}

* Enhancements were made to improve comprehensibility and surfacing of error messages in Cloud Manager UI.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Infrequent cases of [content copy](/help/using/content-copy.md) processes getting stuck has been addressed.
* An temporary testing issue was resolved for customers not using New Relic One.
* [The custom code quality rules](/help/using/custom-code-quality-rules.md) `SupportedRunmode` and `ImmutableMutableMixedPackage` have been removed from SonarQube as they are only applicable to AEM as a Cloud Service.
* Users will no longer encounter stuck pipelines that appear to be in running state.
* The **Environments** menu now closes after triggering the **[Copy Content](/help/using/content-copy.md)** modal.
* [A pipeline re-execution](/help/using/code-deployment.md#reexecute-deployment) is no longer allowed if the previous execution does not have a `commitId` set on the build phase state.
* A more understandable message is now displayed for rare errors when a user clicks on a pipeline in the **Activity** or **Pipeline** screens.
