---
title: Release Notes for 2023.12.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manage 2023.12.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 2a1fb783-dcd3-439d-a3b5-897aa8c20fdc
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager 2023.12.0 {#release-notes}

This page documents the release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2023.12.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, see [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current).

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2023.12.0 is December 14, 2023. The next release is planned for January 18, 2024.

## What's new {#what-is-new}

* [Cloud Manager custom permissions](/help/using/custom-permissions.md) let you create new custom permission profiles with configurable permissions to restrict access to programs, pipelines, and environments for Cloud Manager users.
* The rollouts of updates to the [build environment](/help/getting-started/build-environment.md) that were [announced and begun with the October release of Cloud Manager](/help/release-notes/2023/2023-10-0.md) have been completed.
  * Support for Node 18 was added for [front end pipelines](/help/overview/ci-cd-pipelines.md).
  * Java 8 minor version was updated to `jdk1.8.0_371`.
  * Java 11 minor version was updated to `jdk-11.0.20`.
  * Maven was updated to version to 3.8.8
    * Maven now disables all insecure `http://*` mirrors by default.
    * [Adobe recommends](/help/getting-started/build-environment.md#https-maven) users update their Maven repositories to use HTTPS instead of HTTP.
* The build container base image was updated to Ubuntu 22.04.

## Beta program {#beta-program}

Be a part of Cloud Manager's Beta program and have a chance to test some upcoming features.

### Bring your own GitHub {#byo-github}

If you use GitHub to manage your repositories, [you can now validate code directly within your GitHub repositories through Cloud Manager](/help/managing-code/private-repositories.md). This integration eliminates the need to sync code consistently with the Adobe repository and lets you verify pull requests before merging them into the main branches.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, send an email to `Grp-CloudManager_BYOG@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID.
