---
title: Release Notes for 2024.2.0
description: These are the release notes for Cloud Manager release 2024.2.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 9800fee9-c32c-4f79-a270-24481bbdc4ca
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager Release 2024.2.0 {#release-notes}

This page documents the release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] release 2024.2.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, refer to [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes.](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/implementing/using-cloud-manager/release-notes-cloud-manager/release-notes-cm-current.html)

## Release Date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] release 2024.2.0 is 15 February 2024. The next release is planned for 16 March 2024.

## What's New {#what-is-new}

* As part of [deployment,](/help/using/code-deployment.md) the Dispatcher cache was flushed at the **Attach Dispatcher** step. In order to allow you to test changes on each node before attaching it to the application load balancer, after deploying code to a particular publisher, you can now test changes directly from the associated Dispatcher before attaching that Dispatcher to the load balancer.
* [The build environment](/help/getting-started/build-environment.md) has been updated to Maven version 3.9.4 and JDK versions jdk-11.0.22 and jdk1.8.0_401.

## Early Adoption Program {#early-adoption}

Be a part of our early adoption program and have a chance to test some upcoming features

### Bring your own GitHub {#byo-github}

If you use GitHub to manage your repositories, [you can now validate code directly within your GitHub repositories through Cloud Manager.](/help/managing-code/private-repositories.md) This integration eliminates the need to consistently sync code with the Adobe repository and allows you to verify pull requests before merging them into the main branches. This feature is exclusive to public GitHub. Support for self-hosted GitHub is not available.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, please send an email to `Grp-CloudManager_BYOG@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID.

## Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes}

* The JDK of the build containers has been updated to a version that solves [JDK-8313765.](https://bugs.openjdk.org/browse/JDK-8313765)
ยง
