---
title: Release Notes for 2024.1.0
description: Learn more about the release of Cloud Manage 2024.1.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 2d95cff0-c2fd-463e-8342-de571f65365a
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/NaWCX5sjyMpgXggPEUq4Cz4WpE-rk-stVJST8OCOXTM
product_v2:
  - id: c68cd75e-5bca-4bc3-a60e-9e183f816441
    internal-label: Experience Manager Cloud Manager
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager 2024.1.0 {#release-notes}

This page documents the release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2024.1.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, see [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current).

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2024.1.0 is January 17, 2024. The next release is planned for February 16, 2024.

## Private beta program {#private-beta-program}

Be a part of Cloud Manager's private beta program and have a chance to test some upcoming features.

### Bring your own GitHub {#byo-github}

If you use GitHub to manage your repositories, [you can now validate code directly within your GitHub repositories through Cloud Manager](/help/managing-code/private-repositories.md). This integration eliminates the need to sync code consistently with the Adobe repository and lets you verify pull requests before merging them into the main branches. This feature is exclusive to public GitHub. Support for self-hosted GitHub is not available.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, send an email to `Grp-CloudManager_BYOG@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* An error was corrected for some corner cases where downloads failed due to how the test application interprets data, causing the total error percentage to fail the test.
* When a build step finishes with status `FAILED` due to a `BUILD_MAVEN_TRANSFER_ARTIFACT_ERROR`, it is now properly described as an error due to merge conflicts with the destination branch.
