---
title: Release Notes for 2024.5.0
description: Learn about the release notes for Cloud Manager 2024.5.0.
feature: Release Information
exl-id: 33a6a95c-80ef-4e31-9dc6-f5400cc6d7b2
---
# Release Notes for Cloud Manager 2024.5.0 {#release-notes}

This page documents the release notes for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2024.5.0.

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest release notes for Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service, see [Cloud Manager in AEM as a Cloud Service's current release notes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/release-notes/cloud-manager/current).

## Release date {#release-date}

The release date for [!UICONTROL Cloud Manager] 2024.5.0 is May 9, 2024. The next release is planned for June 6, 2024.

## What's new {#what-is-new}

* The Content Audit step is now skipped when a pipeline is running in [emergency mode](/help/using/code-deployment.md#emergency-pipeline).

## Private beta program {#private-beta-program}

Be a part of Cloud Manager's private beta program and have a chance to test some upcoming features

### Staging-Only and Production-Only Pipelines {#staging-production-only-pipelines}

Support for [staging-only and production-only pipelines](/help/using/stage-prod-only.md) has been introduced, enabling you to split full-stack production deployment pipelines into smaller, specialized deployments.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, send an email to  `Grp-cloudmanager_splitpipelines@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID. 

### Bring your own GitHub {#byo-github}

If you use GitHub to manage your repositories, [you can now validate code directly within your GitHub repositories through Cloud Manager](/help/managing-code/private-repositories.md). This integration eliminates the need to sync code with the Adobe repository and lets you verify pull requests before merging them into the main branches. This feature is exclusive to public GitHub. Support for self-hosted GitHub is not available.

If you are interested in testing this new feature and sharing your feedback, send an email to `Grp-CloudManager_BYOG@adobe.com` from your email address associated with your Adobe ID.

## Bug fixes {#bug-fixes}

* Cloud Manager was reusing artifacts with the wrong commit hash.
